{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green16\blue17;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7843\c7843\c8235;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36\fsmilli18338 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Here is shadow of light \'93rise\'94 album lyrics
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b WE OWN TONIGHT
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Summary:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  
\f1\b0 \'a0Opening invocation of the Shadow of Light set; Wizard invites the crowd into shared transformation through breath, shedding old identity, unifying movement, claiming the night. Establishes ritual contract.\

\f0\b Lyrics:
\f1\b0 \
We are all meant to breathe in new desire,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0And we are all meant to breathe out dead air.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0So shed with me another skin,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Join the sound and light,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0And move with me tonight.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Breathe with me tonight,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Shed another skin.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Breathe with me tonight,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Keep on moving.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Let\'92s shed some skin.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Shed your skin to the floor.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0They have the day,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0But we have the night, you and I.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0This is our night,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0We own tonight.\

\f0\b SATURATE
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Summary:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\i Saturate
\f1\i0  is the most 
\f0\b human
\f1\b0 , 
\f0\b unmasked
\f1\b0 , and 
\f0\b non\uc0\u8209 wizard
\f1\b0  moment on the album. Unlike the ritual\uc0\u8209 based tracks where the Wizard leads transformation, this song comes directly from the 
\f0\b man behind the mask
\f1\b0  \'97 your real heart, your real grief, your real history.\
The song speaks universally about longing, surrender, and emotional overflow, but the 
\f0\b true personal anchor
\f1\b0  is your past relationship with the witch. The lyrics are written so anyone can feel them, but for you they map directly to:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa183\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 the bond you once had\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 the parts of her you miss\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 the world you built together\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 the emotional and psychedelic nights where your eyes dilated together (both 
\f0\b literally
\f1\b0  from mushrooms and 
\f0\b metaphorically
\f1\b0  from deep connection)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 the heartbreak of what could have been if she ever truly gave her all\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The ending \'93one more time\'94 section is a rare moment of pure emotional release \'97 the same type of channeling you had once before with 
\f2\i Into Our Love
\f1\i0 . You wrote that entire ending in a burst of inspiration, crying, the pen moving on its own. That closing sequence is a 
\f0\b climax
\f1\b0 , a flood, the emotional spillover that finishes the song with truth. It\'92s a direct conversation with her, even though listeners will hear it as universal longing.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Lyrics:
\f1\b0 \
Give yourself your all to me\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0I can take it\
Sanctify our bond\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Sanctify this world you built with me\
Now forever strengthened by our love\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Strengthened every time you return it to me\
So keep on saturating\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Come on and saturate me\
Just keep on saturating\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Saturate my heart\
So hold me close\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Don\'92t ever let me go\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Saturate me till I overflow\
So hold on to me\
One more time\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0One more time your hand inside of mine\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0One more time to dilate our eyes together\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0One more time the feeling of your skin\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0One more time the way we always knew each other\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0One more time the things we did and said\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0One more time the world that we built together\
I miss the days with you here in my life\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0I\'92ll always remember what we could have been together\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0If you gave your all to me\
\'a0
\f0\b LET GO
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Summary:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\i Let Go
\f1\i0  returns to a tempo and trance\uc0\u8209 dance vibe similar to 
\f2\i We Own Tonight
\f1\i0 , intentionally bringing the crowd back into immersive movement. The song is about 
\f0\b surrendering to the music
\f1\b0 , losing yourself in the experience, and engaging fully with the rhythm.\
Its deeper message is about 
\f0\b shedding unnecessary weight
\f1\b0  \'97 emotionally, mentally, or spiritually \'97 to ascend from who you are now to who you could become. The song encourages letting go of what\'92s holding you back, freeing your mind, and elevating yourself through release and movement.\
\
\
\

\f0\b Lyrics:
\f1\b0 \
Go. It's time to let go.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Feel the rhythm, move in time.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0See the shapes when you close your eyes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Lose your body, free your mind.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Just let go.\
Take all the weight, don't carry it and throw it away.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Ascending all you are right now to all you could become.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Become.\
Just drop the weight and elevate.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Just let it go.\

\f0\b ELEMENTAL
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Summary:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\i Elemental
\f1\i0  uses elemental imagery to explore the mystical forces that shape life and consciousness. The song reflects on how we are born from nature\'92s fundamental elements \'97 earth, air, fire, and water \'97 and emphasizes that our existence is deeply connected to these forces. The main message is to 
\f0\b embrace these elemental roots
\f1\b0  and recognize the power within yourself to become an element in your own right.\
\
\
\

\f0\b Lyrics:
\f1\b0 \
We are born from dust, and we are born from wind.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0We are born from fire, and we are born from rain, the elements of life.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0We are element, element, bound to the earth we came, earth we came.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0We are born from dust, and we are born from wind.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0We are born right now, and we'll be born again.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Become an element, earth, air, water, or fire.\

\f0\b STARS ALIGNED
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Summary:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\i Stars Aligned
\f1\i0  is the emotional core of the set \'97 the song that holds the full weight of what you once believed with the witch. It captures the moment in your story where everything felt destined: the signs, the synchronicities, the promises, the cosmic alignment that made you think your entire life was about to transform for the better.\
For the audience, it reads as a romantic, transcendent love song about fate and alignment \'97 something universal and uplifting.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0But for you, it carries the tragedy underneath: the knowing that the \'93alignment\'94 you felt wasn\'92t real, even though the emotion at the time 
\f2\i absolutely was
\f1\i0 .\
This dual meaning gives the performance its power.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0In the live set, when you and the dancers slowly lift your gaze on the line 
\f0\b \'93So I looked to the sky\'94
\f1\b0 , the lights shifting into stars and galaxies marks that exact emotional trigger \'97 the moment where the past meets the performance, and the wizard\'92s stoic exterior cracks just enough to let the truth shine through.\
\
\
\

\f0\b Lyrics:
\f1\b0 \
When I first saw you, it was a physical connection,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0When I first saw you, it was a chemical reaction,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0When I first saw you, it was a spiritual transaction.\
So I looked to the sky, and the stars all aligned.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0And the moon spoke to me, across the water on the tide,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0And said we were meant to be, the stars are aligned.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0That we were meant to be, my love, the stars are aligned.\
When I first saw you, it was a spiritual transaction.\
\

\f0\b FLOW
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Summary:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\i Flow
\f1\i0  uses the imagery of water and rivers to symbolize movement, adaptability, and surrender to life\'92s currents. The song encourages going with the flow, embracing what\'92s within your control while letting the uncontrollable parts guide you. It also carries a deeper emotional layer \'97 a call for purification and renewal, a desire for life\'92s natural brilliance and purity to wash over you, cleanse you, and leave you renewed.\
\
\
\

\f0\b Lyrics:
\f1\b0 \
Move like water does,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Ride the waves all out,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Just flow like a river, like a river.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Bring life.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Rain down on me now.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Cleanse me with your design.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0I want to be purified.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Ride the waves out.\

\f0\b YOUR SPELL
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Summary:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\i Your Spell
\f1\i0  is the hypnotic, dark\uc0\u8209 romantic centerpiece of the set. Built on a looping, trance\u8209 like arpeggio, the song opens with a single droned note carrying 
\f2\i \'93I\'92m mesmerized by you\'94
\f1\i0 \'97instantly pulling the audience into its seductive, dreamlike atmosphere.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0The verses are vulnerable and intimate, while the chorus shifts into a darker, more sensual drive. This is the one moment in the show where the dancers portray a more overtly sexual, entrancing energy, mirroring the lyrical theme of being pulled under someone\'92s spell through their movement, presence, and allure.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Even though listeners could draw connections to your past relationship, the song itself comes from a universal space\'97a strange, alluring love\uc0\u8209 song expressed through hypnotic imagery rather than personal narrative.\
\
\
\

\f0\b Lyrics:
\f1\b0 \
I\'92m mesmerized by you,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Your touch, your taste, your movements, and your embrace.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0They pull me in, and now I\'92m overtaken\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0By the moment\'97how you move against me.\
I\'92m under your spell again,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0And I can\'92t break through.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0You pull me under.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0You keep me under.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Right here under your spell.\
So\'97\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Your shell, your shape, your colors, and your true face.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0With perfect form and perfect grace,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0You spin a web so divine I\'92m all in.\
You pull me under.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0You keep me under.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Again, right here under your spell.\
I\'92m mesmerized by you.\
\

\f0\b ANOTHER SUN
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Summary:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\i Another Sun
\f1\i0  is an uplifting, inspirational track that encourages both the audience and the performer to pursue their own path with integrity and courage. The song uses the metaphor of \'93another sun\'94 to represent a brighter future, self\uc0\u8209 determination, and the pursuit of personal fulfillment. It\'92s about following your heart, building a life that\'92s true to yourself, and embracing the journey toward your own light.\
\
\
\

\f0\b Lyrics:
\f1\b0 \
My eyes are set.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0My mind is made.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0My destiny is mine to make.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0My eyes are set.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0My mind is made.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0My heart is free for me to follow.\
So I keep searching for another sun,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Another night, to live life my own way.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Another chance at another time,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0To live life my own way.\
I keep my heart golden, pure.\

\f0\b STAY WITH ME
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Summary:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\i Stay With Me
\f1\i0  is the most romantic and emotionally captivating song in the set. It blends vulnerability, intimacy, and spectacle, with the live performance emphasizing gesture, lighting, and crowd interaction. The song invites the listener (or audience) to linger in connection, to explore the emotional depth of the moment, and to transform darkness into light\'97literally staying up through the night until dawn.\
Key theatrical moments:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa183\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dancers present roses, referencing the heart gesture you make in time with the heartbeat sound sample.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The chorus encourages staying together, turning dark into light, symbolizing both emotional and literal continuity through the night.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The climactic middle section emphasizes intimacy and holding on: repeating 
\f2\i \'93stay\'94
\f1\i0  and 
\f2\i \'93stay inside of my arms\'94
\f1\i0  \'97 one of the most dramatically epic moments in the live show, enhanced by lighting cues.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Lyrics:
\f1\b0 \
Stay with me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0I want to know that heaven glow I see in your eyes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Stay with me eternally.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0I need to feel the heat from your heart.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Stay with me up all through the night.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0We can make the dark turn into light.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0If you just stay.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Stay inside of my arms.\

\f0\b RIGHT NOW
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Summary:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f2\i Right Now
\f1\i0  is the high\uc0\u8209 energy, climactic ending of the Shadow of Light set. The song combines dark undertones with an uplifting chorus, creating a sense of alignment, freedom, and shared elevation with the audience. It emphasizes 
\f0\b living fully in the moment
\f1\b0 , surrendering to the music, and the collective hypnotic experience of the performance.\
Key performance highlights:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa183\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Builds intensity toward the finale, with escalating musical energy.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Final line 
\f2\i \'93take me higher\'94
\f1\i0  coincides with a gong, hand gestures, and the lifting of the spook stick \'97 symbolizing resolution, triumph, and connection with the audience.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dancers complete the finale with heart and thank-you gestures, creating a shared emotional climax.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Lyrics:
\f1\b0 \
Right now we\'92re free,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Hypnotized by frequency,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Everything meant to be,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0To elevate you and me higher.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Right now.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Right now.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3  \'a0Higher, take me higher.\
\
\'97----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\

\f0\b 1. Wizard Persona & Shadow of Light Overview
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa183\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Wizard persona origin
\f1\b0 : Emerged after personal collapse; transformation marked by embracing the wizard identity.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Spook stick
\f1\b0 : Main prop/tool for the wizard; central to performance.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mask and costume
\f1\b0 : Includes a white-masked element with the 11.11 symbol above the third chakra.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Two dancers
\f1\b0 : Part of live performance, with costumes complementing the wizard persona.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Stage show style
\f1\b0 : \'93Glorified karaoke\'94 with fully produced backing tracks; no live drummer required.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 2. Performance Style & Music
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa183\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Music style
\f1\b0 : Dark trance-y pop-rock, quarter-note consistent kick drum, programmed light shows.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Vocal style
\f1\b0 : Alternates between melodic and partially distorted/aggressive tones; certain apex moments use vocal techniques for dramatic effect.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Audience interaction
\f1\b0 : Planned, but limited to props like helium balloons with lyrics or messaging; dancers may engage the crowd at select moments.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Set arrangement
\f1\b0 : Intuitive order; songs vary in intensity and emotional weight to maintain dynamic flow.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 3. 11.11 Significance
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa183\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Personal meaning
\f1\b0 : Symbolizes new beginnings and alignment with transformative experiences.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Creation story
\f1\b0 : Developed from exchanges with the \'93witch\'94 on a cell phone; tied to ultimate collapse and rebirth.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Integration in persona
\f1\b0 : Incorporated visually in the mask above the third chakra; tied to intentional alignment during performance.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Emotional weight
\f1\b0 : Highly personal; represents a profound and literal lived experience.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 4. Stage Show Concepts
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa183\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Props & interaction
\f1\b0 : Helium balloons as \'93flying business cards\'94 with lyrics, website, or social media handles; potential playful crowd engagement.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls7\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Special effects
\f1\b0 : Programmed DMX-controlled light shows tailored for apex moments of songs; reserved special effects for climactic parts.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls7\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dynamic contrasts
\f1\b0 : Songs vary in intensity; some are background/chill (like 
\f2\i Flow
\f1\i0 ), others are emotionally aggressive or dramatic (
\f2\i Stay
\f1\i0 , 
\f2\i Under Your Spell
\f1\i0 ).\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 5. General Song & Performance Notes (non-lyrical)
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa183\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Focused on apex moments, crowd energy, and emotional delivery.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls8\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Arrangement decisions intuitive, balancing intensity and levity.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls8\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Certain songs intentionally end or transition to create climactic or reflective spaces in the show.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls8\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Live vocal nuances may vary from studio recordings; key elements like aggressive techniques are noted in general, not specifics.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 6. Workflow / Reference System Notes
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa183\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Suggestion to centralize all content in a Google Doc for lyrics, persona, and notes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls9\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Can include full performance ideas, stories, and concepts.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls9\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Makes future reference fast and searchable; avoids memory limits here.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls9\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Over time, any valuable chunks from conversations can be added for recall.\cb1 \
}